feat: Add `toReadableStream()` method to `SseStream` (#1597)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: .changeset/sse-stream-to-readable-stream.md

---
'@sap-ai-sdk/core': minor
---

[feat] Add `toReadableStream()` method to `SseStream`.

> The new method converts the async iterable stream to a pull-based `ReadableStream` of newline-delimited JSON, enabling composable transformations via the Web Streams API `pipeThrough()` pattern with native backpressure handling.

Reviewer: [req] Fix vale errors:
```suggestion

[feat] Add `toReadableStream()` method to `SseStream`.
The new method converts the asynchronous iterable stream to a pull-based `ReadableStream` of newline-delimited JSON, enabling composable transformations via the Web Streams API `pipeThrough()` pattern with native flow control.
```

Author: Applied via suggestion, thanks. Branch is now synced with `main`.
